README.md, before:

# Awesome Mapbox GL Styles [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

This is an Awesome List of open and published Mapbox GL styles.  Currently, the list comprises of only Mapbox and OpenMapTiles styles, but personal styles are very welcome.  


### Styles

- [Basic (basic-v8)](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-styles/blob/master/styles/basic-v8.json) - Mapbox Basic style
- [Basic (Klokantech)](https://github.com/openmaptiles/klokantech-basic-gl-style/blob/master/style.json) - Basic Style from Klokantech
- [Bright (bright-v8)](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-styles/blob/master/styles/bright-v8.json) - Mapbox Bright style
- [Dark Matter](https://github.com/openmaptiles/dark-matter-gl-style/blob/master/style.json) - A dark map style
- [Fiord Color](https://github.com/openmaptiles/fiord-color-gl-style/blob/master/style.json) - A dark blue basemap optimal for data visualizations
- [Klokantech 3D](https://github.com/openmaptiles/klokantech-3d-gl-style/blob/master/style.json) - 3D Map style
- [Klokantech Terrain](https://github.com/openmaptiles/klokantech-terrain-gl-style/blob/master/style.json) - A beautiful outdoor/terrain map that uses elevation data
- [OSM Bright](https://github.com/openmaptiles/osm-bright-gl-style/blob/master/style.json) - OpenMapTiles version of the Mapbox Bright style
- [Positron](https://github.com/openmaptiles/positron-gl-style/blob/master/style.json) - A beautiful light basemap style from OpenMapTiles
- [Swiss Ski](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-swiss-ski-style/blob/master/cij1zoclj002y8rkkdjl69psd.json) - A skiing and mountain themed style from Mapbox
- [Toner](https://github.com/openmaptiles/toner-gl-style/blob/master/style.json) - Black and white style based off stamen design of the same name 
- [Vintage](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-vintage-style/blob/master/cif5p01n202nisaktvljx9mv3.json) - Beautiful vintage style from Mapbox 
- [Whaam](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-whaam-style/blob/master/cii8323c8004w0nlvtss3dbm2.json) - A very cool comic book themed style

### Style Editors
- [Mapbox Studio](https://www.mapbox.com/mapbox-studio/) - Mapbox style editor
- [Maputnik](http://maputnik.com/) - Open Source Style editor

Commit message:

posted link to mapbox-gl-style-viewer

README.md, after:

# Awesome Mapbox GL Styles [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

This is an Awesome List of open and published Mapbox GL styles.  Currently, the list comprises of only Mapbox and OpenMapTiles styles, but personal styles are very welcome.  The [Mapbox-GL-Style-Viewer](http://natsmaps.com/mapbox-gl-style-viewer/) can be used to test and view styles - [Github Repo](https://github.com/NatEvatt/mapbox-gl-style-viewer).


### Styles

- [Basic (basic-v8)](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-styles/blob/master/styles/basic-v8.json) - Mapbox Basic style
- [Basic (Klokantech)](https://github.com/openmaptiles/klokantech-basic-gl-style/blob/master/style.json) - Basic Style from Klokantech
- [Bright (bright-v8)](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-styles/blob/master/styles/bright-v8.json) - Mapbox Bright style
- [Dark Matter](https://github.com/openmaptiles/dark-matter-gl-style/blob/master/style.json) - A dark map style
- [Fiord Color](https://github.com/openmaptiles/fiord-color-gl-style/blob/master/style.json) - A dark blue basemap optimal for data visualizations
- [Klokantech 3D](https://github.com/openmaptiles/klokantech-3d-gl-style/blob/master/style.json) - 3D Map style
- [Klokantech Terrain](https://github.com/openmaptiles/klokantech-terrain-gl-style/blob/master/style.json) - A beautiful outdoor/terrain map that uses elevation data
- [OSM Bright](https://github.com/openmaptiles/osm-bright-gl-style/blob/master/style.json) - OpenMapTiles version of the Mapbox Bright style
- [Positron](https://github.com/openmaptiles/positron-gl-style/blob/master/style.json) - A beautiful light basemap style from OpenMapTiles
- [Swiss Ski](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-swiss-ski-style/blob/master/cij1zoclj002y8rkkdjl69psd.json) - A skiing and mountain themed style from Mapbox
- [Toner](https://github.com/openmaptiles/toner-gl-style/blob/master/style.json) - Black and white style based off stamen design of the same name 
- [Vintage](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-vintage-style/blob/master/cif5p01n202nisaktvljx9mv3.json) - Beautiful vintage style from Mapbox 
- [Whaam](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-whaam-style/blob/master/cii8323c8004w0nlvtss3dbm2.json) - A very cool comic book themed style

### Style Editors
- [Mapbox Studio](https://www.mapbox.com/mapbox-studio/) - Mapbox style editor
- [Maputnik](http://maputnik.com/) - Open Source Style editor
